I think one of the most critical things no matter what job you get into
is learning how to interface who is your people who are above you
your managers in your bosses in the people below you people who report
up to you and your peers that people who are on either side of and
that is so critical that I don't think you can overdo studying that
kind of thing and that means you have to look at your own self and
your own weaknesses in your own strengths and figure out where where
do I have trouble and how do we compensate for that trouble sometimes
you can't change your own characteristics to fit so you have to
find some way to